Log in to your Heroku account by running the following command and following the prompts:
heroku login -i

Once you are logged in, use the following command to view the environment variables for your app:
heroku config --app your-app-name
(heroku config --app django-todo-app-gaysha)
Replace your-app-name with the actual name of your Django app on Heroku
(in this case, it's django-todo-app-gaysha)

If running scripts is disabled on your system, which is preventing the execution of the Heroku CLI
command. This is a security measure to prevent unauthorized scripts from running on your machine.
To resolve this, follow these steps:
- Close the current PowerShell window.
- Search for "Windows PowerShell" in the Start menu.
- Right-click on "Windows PowerShell" in the search results.
- Select "Run as administrator" from the context menu. This will open a new PowerShell window with administrative
  privileges.
- In the new PowerShell window with administrative privileges, try setting the execution policy again:
  Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
- You will be prompted to confirm the change. Type "Y" and press Enter.
Now, you should be able to execute the Heroku CLI command without any issues
Remember that you can set the execution policy back to its original state after you finish working with Heroku:
  Set-ExecutionPolicy <original_policy>
- Replace <original_policy> with the execution policy value you noted before changing it (e.g., "Restricted" or "Unrestricted").

To set the SECRET_KEY configuration variable in your Heroku app you can use the Heroku CLI by running the following command:
  heroku config:set SECRET_KEY="your_secret_key_here" --app django-todo-app-gaysha

Alternatively, if you still encounter issues, try setting the SECRET_KEY without any special characters. You can generate a new Django secret key without special characters using the following Python command:
  python -c "import secrets; print(secrets.token_hex(24))"
This will generate a new random secret key without any special characters. Then, use this generated key to set the SECRET_KEY on Heroku:
 heroku config:set SECRET_KEY=your_generated_secret_key --app django-todo-app-gaysha